President, a traitor is a disgrace to a hero
Let his body enter the ceremony
It's an insult to the prince
Is a traitor
What qualifications do you have to be buried in the Demon Sealing Platform?
Today is my great summer festival
How dare you break in with a coffin without authorization
This threatens to bury the traitor in my Great Xia Holy Land
What a crime
Somebody take them down for me
Those who beat me will die
You are killing yourself
If you could kowtow to the prince here today
Maybe the prince will spare your life
But now you're digging your own grave
Everyone, the Demon Sealing Platform is the Holy Land of my building.
Today is the Holy Emperor
Celebrate together
And this man killed the prince first
Later, I want to bury the true anti-thief lowly man here
Disrespect Li Min
Disrespect to everyone here
More disrespectful to the prince
In order for the prince not to be angry with our Jiangnan family
We must help the prince to be the first thief
This thief committed a rebellion
Jiangnan asks for leave and swears here
From today
Rising thief
never die
I represent Jiangnan Shi Family Notice